Apart from counting words and characters, our online editor can help you to improve word choice and writing style, and, optionally, help you to detect grammar mistakes and plagiarism. To check word count, simply place your cursor into the text box above and start typing. You'll see the number of characters and words increase or decrease as you type, delete, and edit them. You can also copy and paste text from another program over into the online editor above. The Auto-Save feature will make sure you won't lose any changes while editing, even if you leave the site and come back later. Tip: Bookmark this page now.

Knowing the word count of a text can be important. For example, if an author has to write a minimum or maximum amount of words for an article, essay, report, story, book, paper, you name it. WordCounter will help to make sure its word count reaches a specific requirement or stays within a certain limit.

In addition, WordCounter shows you the top 10 keywords and keyword density of the article you're writing. This allows you to know which keywords you use how often and at what percentages. This can prevent you from over-using certain words or word combinations and check for best distribution of keywords in your writing.

In the Details overview you can see the average speaking and reading time for your text, while Reading Level is an indicator of the education level a person would need in order to understand the words you’re using.

Disclaimer: We strive to make our tools as accurate as possible but we cannot guarantee it will always be so.

India is eyeing historic medals from golf and athletics, apart from one more in wrestling, as Aditi Ashok, Neeraj Chopra and Bajrang Punia make a final push to turn Tokyo 2020 into India's most successful Olympic campaign. Stay with Times of India to get all the live updates on Olympics 2021, India Events at Tokyo Olympics, Results, Medal Table and more on Times of India.

American sprinter Allyson Felix made history Friday as the most decorated female Olympian in track and field after capturing bronze in the 400-meter final.

The 35-year-old sprinted her way to third place in the 400. Bahamas' Shaunae Miller-Uibo took gold and the Dominican Republic's Marileidy Paulino captured silver.

Felix's time of 49.46 was just0.26 seconds behind Paulino and 1.10 seconds behind Miller-Uibo, which secured her a 10th medal and a place in the record books. She eclipsed Jamaica’s Merlene Ottey for the most medals by any female track athlete in Olympic history.

The bronze medal was a sweet victory for the track legend after surviving a life-threatening pregnancy and childbirth just over two years ago.

In June, Felix finished second in the 400-meter race at the U.S. track trials in Eugene, Oregon, qualifying for her fifth Olympics since making her debut as an 18-year-old for the United States at the 2004 Athens Games.

“I’m just proud of making it to this moment,” she said at the time. “There’s so much that’s gone into this. Many times, I wasn’t sure if it was possible. I’m just proud of fighting and making a way somehow.”

Felix's 2-year-old daughter, Camryn, weighed 3 pounds, 7 ounces at birth Nov. 28, 2018, before spending her first weeks in the neonatal intensive care unit. Felix, a Los Angeles native, underwent an emergency cesarean section at just 32 weeks of pregnancy.

Ahead of the women's individual 400-meter final, Felix told NBC Nightly News host Lester Holt on Thursday that her Olympian journey has been "incredible."

"This is so much bigger than running fast," she said. "It's showing women that we can be present at home and we can also thrive in our professions."

Felix is expected to compete Saturday in the 4x400-meter relay, which the U.S. is favored to win. If the team secures a spot on the podium, Felix would win her 11th medal, surpassing Carl Lewis as the most decorated American Olympian in track and field.


